Add section about xkey (#634)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: cookbook/caching-with-varnish.rst

                enabled: true
                servers: ['localhost:80']

Using XKey
----------

> Xkey is an efficient way to invalidate Varnish cache entries based on tagging. But it is not integrated
> by default into varnish.
> 
> To be able to use it you have to install ``varnish-modules``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Xkey is an efficient way to invalidate Varnish cache entries based on tagging. The advantage of
the feature is that you can use the ``grace mode`` feature of varnish, which allows varnish to 
serve expired cache entries while fetching an update from the backend transparently. 
Have a look at the varnish documentation for more information about
the `Grace mode`_.

Unfortunately, varnish does not support XKey invalidation out of the box. 
To be able to use it, you need to install ``varnish-modules``:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    apt-get install varnish-modules

> Or build it from sources:

Reviewer: would just link to the official site that describes how to do this. this will get out of date and we wont notice otherwise

    unzip 6.2
    cd varnish-modules-6.2/

    # build and install it
    ./bootstrap
    ./configure
    make
    make check
    make install

    # restart varnish
    /etc/init.d/varnishd restart

When the installation was successfull you can use following configuration to enable
xkey:

.. code-block:: varnish4

    # /etc/varnish/default.vcl
    vcl 4.0;

    include "<PATH-TO-SULU-PROJECT>/vendor/sulu/sulu/src/Sulu/Bundle/HttpCacheBundle/Resources/varnish/sulu.vcl";
    include "<PATH-TO-SULU-PROJECT>/vendor/friendsofsymfony/http-cache/resources/config/varnish/fos_tags_xkey.vcl";

    acl invalidators {
        "localhost";
    }

    backend default {
        .host = "127.0.0.1";
        .port = "8090";
    }

    sub vcl_recv {
        call fos_tags_xkey_recv;
        call sulu_recv;

        # Force the lookup, the backend must tell not to cache or vary on all
        # headers that are used to build the hash.
        return (hash);
    }

    sub vcl_backend_response {
        set beresp.grace = 2m;

        call sulu_backend_response;
    }

    sub vcl_deliver {
        call fos_tags_xkey_deliver;
        call sulu_deliver;
    }

> This configuration extends the default config with some xkey purge methods and enable the
> ``grace mode``. It allows varnish to serve staled entries (entries where the TTL is over)
> and fetch an update from the backend. For more information about this see the documentation
> of the `Grace mode`_.
> 
> Enable the XKey feature inside of sulu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you need to configure Sulu to use the XKey feature of varnish:
```
